docs: Setting up TRSS docs (#3309)
adoptium/infrastructure: docs/Setup-TRSS.md

- Run the TRSS service with a non root user.

### Before running the service:

#### Connecting to Jenkins

- Before you start the service, create a file named `trssConf.json`. This file will be stored in `aqa-test-tools/TestResultSummaryService/` once you clone the [aqa-test-tools](https://github.com/adoptium/aqa-test-tools) repository.
- This file will contain the credentials needed by the TRSS service to connect to your Jenkins instance. It should look like this:
```
{
	"https://yourjenkinsserver.com": {
		"user" : "abc@example.com",
		"password" : "123"   <=== the value can be token
	}
}
```

#### Nginx config

A basic `/etc/nginx/nginx.conf` should include 
```
include /etc/nginx/sites-enabled/*;
```
which should include a symlink to `/etc/nginx/sites-enabled/defaults`.

The file `/etc/nginx/sites-enabled/defaults` should contain a code block which passes all inbound traffic to `http://localhost:4000`. It should look something like this:
```
    location / {
                proxy_pass http://localhost:4000;
    }
```

> `http://localhost:4000` runs another `nginx` service in a docker container. Its purpose is to redirect traffic to the appropriate TRSS docker container.

Reviewer: Maybe mention that this docker container is something that will be created in a later step (along with various other containers for running TRSS), since it's not obvious at this stage if you're just reading through the doc.

#### Installing Certbot (requires root access)

To enable `https` install `certbot`. Follow the instructions [here](https://certbot.eff.org/instructions?ws=nginx&os=ubuntufocal) or those below:

1. Install [`snapd`](https://snapcraft.io/docs/installing-snapd), may already be installed on Ubuntu

2. Install `certbot` with `snap`
```
snap install --classic certbot
```
3. Prepare `certbot`
```
ln -s /snap/bin/certbot /usr/bin/certbot
```
4. Install certificates
```
certbot --nginx
```

### Steps to run the service

> 1. Clone the [aqa-test-tools](https://github.com/adoptium/aqa-test-tools) repository and `cd` into it

Reviewer: Sugggest clarifying that this should be done on the new `data` file system created earlier since the `mongo` directory under it will be used for most of the TRSS data, and that this directory will be volume mounted inside the contaienr that runs mongodb)

# TRSS Setup

> This page will document the setup of the TRSS service running at [trss.adoptium.net](https://trss.adoptium.net).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This page documents the setup of the production-ready Test Result Summary Service (TRSS) running at [trss.adoptium.net](https://trss.adoptium.net).  For instructions to run TRSS for development purposes, refer to the [local deployment instructions](https://github.com/adoptium/aqa-test-tools/tree/master/TestResultSummaryService#docker-compose) in the aqa-test-tools repository.
```

## Setup

#### Prerequisites:
- Install [docker and docker-compose-plugin](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/linux/)
- Install `npm`
- Install [`nginx`](https://www.nginx.com/resources/wiki/start/topics/tutorials/install/)

#### Pre setup recommendations:
- Dedicate a separate disk for `/var/lib/docker` (>30G) and one for the directory in which you kick off the TRSS service (>60G), the latter will be where TRSS stores its data.

> - Run the TRSS service with a non root user.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Run the service with a non-root user.
```

### Before running the service:

#### Connecting to Jenkins

- Before you start the service, create a file named `trssConf.json`. This file will be stored in `aqa-test-tools/TestResultSummaryService/` once you clone the [aqa-test-tools](https://github.com/adoptium/aqa-test-tools) repository.
- This file will contain the credentials needed by the TRSS service to connect to your Jenkins instance. It should look like this:
```
{
	"https://yourjenkinsserver.com": {
		"user" : "abc@example.com",
		"password" : "123"   <=== the value can be token
	}
}
```

#### Nginx config

> The TRSS setup will include 2 layers of nginx. One running on the host system and one in a docker container (the docker container is created later when you run the TRSS service for the first time). The host system layer is responsible for receiving all inbound traffic which it will direct to the nginx docker container. The docker container layer will redirect this traffic to the appropriate TRSS service.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The TRSS setup includes 2 layers of nginx. One running on the host system and one in a docker container (the docker container is created later when you run the TRSS service for the first time). The host system layer is responsible for receiving all inbound traffic which will direct to the nginx docker container. The docker container layer redirects this traffic to the appropriate TRSS service.
```

The host system layer nginx.conf at `/etc/nginx/nginx.conf` should include 
```
include /etc/nginx/sites-enabled/*;
```
which should include a symlink to `/etc/nginx/sites-enabled/defaults`.

The file `/etc/nginx/sites-enabled/defaults` should contain a code block which passes all inbound traffic to `http://localhost:4000`. It should look something like this:
```
    location / {
                proxy_pass http://localhost:4000;
    }
```

`http://localhost:4000` will be where the docker nginx layer will listen for incoming traffic.

#### Installing Certbot (requires root access)

To enable `https` install `certbot`. Follow the instructions [here](https://certbot.eff.org/instructions?ws=nginx&os=ubuntufocal) or those below:

1. Install [`snapd`](https://snapcraft.io/docs/installing-snapd), may already be installed on Ubuntu

2. Install `certbot` with `snap`
```
snap install --classic certbot
```
3. Prepare `certbot`
```
ln -s /snap/bin/certbot /usr/bin/certbot
```
4. Install certificates
```
certbot --nginx
```

### Steps to run the service

> 1. On the filesystem created for the TRSS service (see this [step](https://github.com/adoptium/infrastructure/blob/master/docs/Setup-TRSS.md#pre-setup-recommendations)), clone the [aqa-test-tools](https://github.com/adoptium/aqa-test-tools) repository and `cd` into it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. On the filesystem created for TRSS (see this [step](https://github.com/adoptium/infrastructure/blob/master/docs/Setup-TRSS.md#pre-setup-recommendations)), clone the [aqa-test-tools](https://github.com/adoptium/aqa-test-tools) repository and `cd` into it.
```
